The Git Times — Wednesday, July 8, 2026
Jacobian Lens Reveals What Neurons 'Want' to Say in LLMs
A new interpretability tool maps internal activations to predicted output tokens via averaged Jacobians
AI: Transformers v5.13 Adds KimiK 2.5–2.7 for Multimodal Coding Tasks
Robotics: Newton v1.3.0 Adds RL-Ready Solver Resets and USD Collision Tools
Cyber: Yakit v1.4.8 Adds Yaklang Scripting for Dynamic Burp-Style Workflows
Systems: Deno 2.9.1 sharpens desktop app tooling with Laufey updates
DIY: RealSense SDK 2.58.2 Adds On-Chip Person Detection for D555
GameDev: Boardgame.io Adds Real-Time Lobby Sync for Cross-Platform Play
"The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com